README.md, before:

![ITMO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/43bb283758b43d75ec1df0a6bb4ae3eb20066323/badges/ITMO_badge_rus.svg)

<p>Built with:</p>

[![python](https://badgen.net/badge/python/3.10/blue?icon=python)](https://www.python.org/)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%2523?logo=javascript&logoColor=%23f0db4f&labelColor=black&color=%23f0db4f)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-%2523?logo=django&logoColor=white&labelColor=%23003e2b&color=%23003e2b)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2523?logo=react&logoColor=%2361dcf9&labelColor=%231f2228&color=%231f2228)
![API Kinopoisk](https://img.shields.io/badge/API%20Kinopoisk-%2523?logo=kinopoisk&logoColor=orange&labelColor=black&color=orange)

# What to watch
![logo](frontend/src/assets/img/icon.png)

## Description
The purpose of the web application is to select a movie for the evening 
using a recommendation system based on the user's preferences.

## Features
- Set up a genre filter and search for movies in the genre you are interested in
- You can add your favorite movies to Favorites to watch later
- You can change your account information

## Installation
#### 1. Clone the repository 
```git clone https://github.com/blinovapolina/what_to_watch```
#### 2. Install Docker and Docker Compose on the machine
**[Install](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)**
#### 3. Build Docker Image
```docker-compose build```
#### 4. Launch the site
```docker-compose up```

## Requirements
For more information, see the file **[requiremets.txt](https://github.com/blinovapolina/what_to_watch/blob/main/movie_app/requirements.txt)**.

## Authors
[Blinova Polina](https://github.com/blinovapolina)\
[Trusova Svetlana](https://github.com/SvetaTrusova)\
[Zhurbina Marina](https://github.com/ZhurbinaMarina)

Commit message:

Implemented validation function and Docker
Co-authored-by: Marina Zhurbina <marina.zhurbina25@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

![ITMO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimclub/open-source-ops/43bb283758b43d75ec1df0a6bb4ae3eb20066323/badges/ITMO_badge_rus.svg)

<p>Built with:</p>

[![python](https://badgen.net/badge/python/3.10/blue?icon=python)](https://www.python.org/)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%2523?logo=javascript&logoColor=%23f0db4f&labelColor=black&color=%23f0db4f)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-%2523?logo=django&logoColor=white&labelColor=%23003e2b&color=%23003e2b)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2523?logo=react&logoColor=%2361dcf9&labelColor=%231f2228&color=%231f2228)
![API Kinopoisk](https://img.shields.io/badge/API%20Kinopoisk-%2523?logo=kinopoisk&logoColor=orange&labelColor=black&color=orange)

# What to watch
![logo](frontend/src/assets/img/icon.png)

## Description
The purpose of the web application is to select a movie for the evening 
using a recommendation system based on the user's preferences.

## Features
- You can view movie posters and short descriptions
- You can add your favorite movies to Favorites to watch them later
- You can change your account information

## Installation
#### 1. Clone the repository 
```git clone https://github.com/blinovapolina/what_to_watch```
#### 2. Install requirements
```pip install -r requirements.txt```
#### 3. Start manage.py from folder "movie_app"
```python manage.py runserver```
#### 4. Run npm from folder "fronted"
```npm start```
#### 5. Run Redis
```redis-server```

## Requirements
For more information, see the file **[requiremets.txt](https://github.com/blinovapolina/what_to_watch/blob/main/movie_app/requirements.txt)**.

## Authors
[Blinova Polina](https://github.com/blinovapolina)\
[Trusova Svetlana](https://github.com/SvetaTrusova)\
[Zhurbina Marina](https://github.com/ZhurbinaMarina)
